<h3>Figure 1</h3>Workflow of the proposed concept in contrast to the standard framework.

<h3>Figure 2</h3>Characterization of the predictions of context-specific models for growth of <i>S. cerevisiae</i> under glucose-limited conditions.
A-C. Flux predictions of metabolite exchange (glucose, oxygen, ethanol and carbon dioxide) for changing dilution rates for glucose-limited chemostats by the conventional Yeast8.4.2 (A) and the context-specific models, created using GIMME (B) and ssGSEA-GIMME (C). 
D. Comparison of experimentally determined metabolic fluxes of the central carbon metabolism (E) and predictions by the conventional GEM (M), GIMME (G) and ssGSEA-GIMME (S) model at μ = 0.30 h<sup>-1</sup>.
E-G. Correlation between the experimental data (X-axis) and model predictions (Y-axis) for different model implementations. Experimental data in (D) and on the X-axes of (E-G) taken from (Frick, Wittmann 2005 PMID 16269086). We normalized flux values to that of hexokinase reaction (v<sub>HEX</sub><sup>rel</sup>=1). 
Abbreviations in (D): Glc, glucose; Mal, maltose; G6P, glucose 6-phosphate; F6P, fructose 6-phosphate; 6PGL, 6-phosphogluconolactone; F16BP, fructose 1,6-bisphosphate; DHAP, dihydroxyacetone phosphate; GAP, glycerol aldehyde 3-phosphate; G13BP, 1,3-bisphosphoglycerate; 3PG, 3-phosphoglycerate; 2PG, 2-phosphoglycerate; PEP, phosphoenolpyruvate; PYR, pyruvate; ACALD, acetaldehyde; EtOH, ethanol; Ac, acetate; AC-COA, acetyl-CoA; OAA, oxaloacetate; CIT, citrate; ICIT, isocitrate; AKG, alpha-ketoglutarate; SUCC-COA, succinyl-CoA; SUCC, succinate; FUM, fumarate; MAL, malate; GLX, glyoxylate.

<h3>Figure 3</h3><br>
Experimentally determined (E) and predicted fluxes (in mmol/gDW/h) by the conventional GEM (M), GIMME (G) and ssGSEA-GIMME (S) in central carbon metabolism for carbon source-limited growth of S. cerevisiae at D = 0.1 1/h. Metabolites and reactions in gray represent interconversions, which do not happen during growth on these carbon sources. Points-of-entry of these carbon sources to the metabolic network are marked with a bar under the respective abbreviation. For abbreviations, see the legend of Figure 2.
